my name is Arden Foley yes was robbed
hmm sorry I believe that nothing today
I'd like to have another room that
certainly sir thank you very much
what a man look my wife the mother of my
children Ellen White's Arden what do you
want iron I've got a warrant for your
arrest arrest you can't arrest me what's
the charge bigamy
who are you well what do you see he was
on the island whether he's not important
to this case I'll decide what's
important of the case they were on an
island together for seven years
yes your honor not alone yes is that in
the brief no your honor no no that
should be in the brief that's the most
interesting part of the case I would
like to get out of here before I explode
I want to get home myself I'd like to
tell my wife about this case she thinks
all my cases are dull
Oh
you